[DEV-866] Redirect to the main guide if no version is specified from the path (#507)
pagopa/developer-portal: .changeset/new-cows-melt.md

---

> "nextjs-website": patch

Reviewer: I think this is a new non-breaking feature, so I would consider it a minor change

---

> [DEV-866] Redirect to last guide if no one is specified from the path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[DEV-866] Redirect to the main guide if no version is specified from the path
```
